---
layout: post
title: "Volunteering with Im Your Pen"
date: 2023-09-29 12:43:22 +0000
categories: development
banner: https://res.cloudinary.com/dtiwg4oto/image/upload/v1698569878/00_svn4mr.jpg
---

I've been volunteering with "I'm your pen" since August, and I'm still going strong. Every week, I translate 35 letters from English to Korean for these incredible kids. What strikes me the most is how each child has their unique dream, a dream that is as beautiful and diverse as the colors in a rainbow.

I'm happy that I can help people with my skills and, at the same time, I can read their letters, connecting with these young hearts and helping them express their thoughts, hopes, and dreams in a language that's not their own. These letters are windows into their worlds, filled with ambition, curiosity, and a thirst for knowledge.

As I read through their words, I can't help but be inspired by their resilience and determination. They're aspiring to be doctors, artists, astronauts, and everything in between. Their dreams know no bounds, and it's a reminder that the future holds so much promise.

Being "their pen" in this journey is not just about translation; it's about being a bridge that brings their dreams closer to reality. It's about fostering connections, breaking down language barriers, and nurturing the seeds of ambition that these kids carry within them.

In a world that often feels divided, it's heartening to see these children, with their diverse dreams, united in their pursuit of knowledge and self-improvement. They are a testament to the beauty of individuality and the universal desire to reach for the stars.
