---
layout: post
title:  "My strength assessment test results!"
date:  2023-08-06 09:37:56 +0000
categories: development
---

I recently took a strength assessment test through Gallup, and I received my results. This assessment aimed to identify my core strengths or themes by analyzing various aspects of my personality and characteristics. The results I obtained from the test provide insights into the areas where I naturally excel and have the potential to thrive.

The assessment process involved answering a series of questions that assessed my preferences, tendencies, and responses in various situations. It took me to finish like one and a half hours lol. The accumulated data was then analyzed to determine which themes emerged as dominant in my personality.

### Here is the results

- **Individualization** : My Individualization theme leads me to be intrigued by the unique qualities of each person. I'm impatient with generalizations or “types” because I don’t want to obscure what is special and distinct about each person. Instead, I focus on the differences between individuals. I instinctively observe each person’s style, each person’s motivation, how each thinks, and how each builds relationships. I hear the one-of-a-kind stories in each person’s life. This theme explains why I pick my friends just the right birthday gift and why I know that one person prefers praise in public and another detests it. I can draw out the best in each person. This Individualization theme also helps me build productive teams.

- **Focus** : “Where am I headed?” I ask yourself. I ask this question every day. Guided by this theme of Focus, I need a clear destination. Lacking one, my life and my work can quickly become frustrating. And so each year, each month, and even each week I set goals. These goals then serve as my compass, helping me determine priorities and make the necessary corrections to get back on course. My Focus is powerful because it forces me to filter; I instinctively evaluate whether or not a particular action will help me move toward my goal. Those that don’t are ignored. In the end, then, my Focus forces me to be efficient. Naturally, the flip side of this is that it causes me to become impatient with delays, obstacles, and even tangents, no matter how intriguing they appear to be. This makes me an extremely valuable team member. When others start to wander down other avenues, I bring them back to the main road.
- **Restorative** : I like to solve problems. Whereas some are dismayed when they encounter yet another breakdown, I can be energized by it. I enjoy the challenge of analyzing the symptoms, identifying what is wrong, and finding the solution. I may prefer practical problems or conceptual ones or personal ones. I may seek out specific kinds of problems that I have met many times before and that I'm confident I can fix. Or I may feel the greatest push when faced with complex and unfamiliar problems. My exact preferences are determined by my other themes and experiences. But what is certain is that I enjoy bringing things back to life. It is a wonderful feeling to identify the undermining factor(s), eradicate them, and restore something to its true glory. Intuitively, I know that without my intervention, this thing—this machine, this technique, this person, this company—might have ceased to function. I fixed it, resuscitated it, rekindled its vitality.

- **Empathy** : I can sense the emotions of those around me. I can feel what they are feeling . Intuitively, I'm able to see the world through their eyes and share their perspective. I don't necessarily agree with each person’s perspective. I don't necessarily feel pity for each person’s predicament—this would be sympathy, not Empathy. I don't necessarily condone the choices each person makes, but I do understand.

- **Strategic** : The Strategic theme enables me to sort through the clutter and find the best route. It is not a skill that can be taught. It is a distinct way of thinking, a special perspective on the world at large. This perspective allows me to see patterns where others simply see complexity. Mindful of these patterns, I play out alternative scenarios, always asking, “What if this happened? Okay, well what if this happened?” This recurring question helps me to see around the next corner. There I can evaluate accurately the potential obstacles. Guided by where I see each path leading, I start to make selections.
